# v1.3.0 - Initial Release, Pitstop 3 - 2026-02-19
## Additions
### Translations!
Actually why the fuck would I add this in the first place lmao. Anyway yeah Inflation Roulette can be understood by almost everyone now lol
### Music
- Planted atrocious album art for _Inflation Roulette: Reloaded OST, Vol. 2_
### Options
- Added option to hide the mouse cursor in HTML builds. This feature can be disabled by pressing G.
- Added option to toggle between the native cursor and the custom built-in cursor.
## Changes
### Music
- Renamed Inflation Roulette: Reloaded OST to _Inflation Roulette Reloaded OST, Vol. 1_
### Internal
- The following paths are renamed:
  - `images/ui/cursor/default_pressed.png` → **_`images/ui/cursor/defaultHeld.png`_**
- All references to Mallet Industries are now renamed to *NicklySuffer* instead. This is for the sake of distancing my normal work with my fetish work.
  - This resets user save data.
- Tweaked the code for buttons for colored outline support.
- The `name` and/or `description` fields of JSONs of these following things are rendered **obsolete**. Please use the newly added Lang files for display names and descriptions:
  - Gamemodes
  - Characters
  - Skills
### UI
- Adjusting shaking animation on an Easter Egg startup screen.
- Recategorized options in the Options Menu.
- Updated Credits Menu.
- Slightly tweaked the layout of the Main Menu to prepare for accommodation for more buttons in a future update.
### Semantic
- Hotfixes are now referred to as _Amendments_ in future releases and info text.
## Fixes
- Volume of numerous sounds in Easter Egg startup screen are now correctly scaled with User Preferences.
- Fixed music toast from moving out of the screen from excessive clicking.