# v2.0.0 - Patch of Creativity
## Additions
### Features
#### Modding Tools!
You can finally make your own characters in-game with the built-in editors!
#### Achievements!
A bunch of achievements has been added to the game, varying in difficulty. Collect them all if you dare...
#### Results Screen!
Along with a ranking system, a results screen is added to display the player's performance for each game.
#### Stages!
Updated stages, as well as adding new ones!
#### New Characters!
Introducing Shibanou and Chester! Two new characters for our Character Roster!
### Minor Features
- Russian translation by ZoiDBoT!
- Skill level for CPU characters!
- Gallery and Jukebox Menu!
- 1v1 and Six-Player Mode!
- Preload Screen for Desktop Builds!
- Clicking on the game logo is highly discouraged.
### Cosmetic
- Added _Suffirat Small_, a smaller variant of the game UI font. Supports Basic Latin, Latin-1 Supplement, Latin Extended-A, and Cyrillic.
## Changes
### Cosmetic
- Scraps and confetti no longer fade out and despawn.
- Updated some glyphs in _Suffirat_, as well as adding support for Greek and Coptic, Cyrillic Unicode blocks.
- Updated Goober's Select Card appearance to be consistent with the rest.
- Redrawn game background.
- Added gray stripe to Asimo's scrap particles.
### Gameplay
- In Inequality, if a skill is given to a player with 3 or more skills, the first skill will be removed first instead of being canceled.
- Game Modes now allow player count (2-6) and score manipulation.
- Player Settings now save correctly.
### UI
- Updated Main Menu to accommodate more buttons.
- Updated Credits Menu.
- Slowed Credits Menu scrolling speed.
### Technical
- Upgraded to _Lime 8.1.3_ and _OpenFL 9.4.1_
- Updated splashes
- Reorganized game assets
- Added translation notes in the English lang file.
- Renamed `gui` folder to `ui`
- Sprite sheets are now preloaded beforehand.
### Semantic
- Amendments are again referred to as _Hotfixes_ in future releases and info text.
## Localization
- Refined Traditional Chinese translations.
## Removals
### Audio
- Removed Classic Music.
### Internal
- Removed `offset` fields in Animation Data.
## Fixes
- That fucking white pixel near the cursor.
- Gamemode buttons being colored incorrectly when being pressed on.
- Popped camera offset being used after players are defeated by overinflation.
- Missing copyright symbol on the tooltip of the Credits Button (HTML5).
- Descriptor text in the Character Select Menu not hiding correctly.
- Typo in Force Aliasing (previously was 'Force Alising')
- Camera moving too fast in high frame rates.
- Ambient noise still playing after returning to the Main Menu.