# v2.0.1 - Patch of Creativity Pitstop 1
## Additions
### Cosmetic
- [ow]o
- New Gallery Entry specifically for showcasing the fruits of our labors
- 後值傾覆，受任於敗軍之際，奉命於危難之間，爾來二十一時二十一分矣。
### Audio & Music
- Preload Screen now precaches music.
- Added _Yippers_ to the Jukebox.
### Quality of Life
- Added Controls menu.
- Game now tracks how many times you've opened the game.
## Changes
### Gameplay
- CPU less likely to use certain skills twice in a row if it doesn't benefit them.
- Improved CPU AI.
### Cosmetic
- Tweaked the appearance of the Shitfucks stage.
- Upscaled Ajuniga's appearance in the Language Select Menu.
- Secret special effects now appear at a higher chance.
- Title and description text in Gallery Menus are now centered correctly.
- Icons of Addon Menu Items in the Addons Menu is now positioned correctly.
- Name text of Addon Menu Items is now scaled correctly to fit its bounding box.
### Quality of Life
- Ajuniga's animation will now only play once.
- Pressing SHIFT while restarting the game now replays the starting cutscene.
### Internal
- Updated splashes.
- Jukebox Capsule Text is now handled using a sprite sheet instead of individual sprites
## Removals
### Internal
- Removed Hide Cursor option
## Fixes
- Asimo's navel and blush toggling between visible and invisible in helpless/idle animations.
- Asimo's Gallery entry being absent in the HTML Build.
- Gaussian Blur shader causes crashes.
- CPUs use offensive skills against themselves when there's no suitable target.
- Animation sprite sets can sometimes split between two spritesheets.
- Chester missing from _All My Fellas_ achievement.
- Fifty-Fifty missing from _Full Tour_ achievement.
- Cylinder contents is revealed briefly when CPUs uses the ability.